Good day, and here we are taking a look at
the first expansion pack for Battlefield 1942.
This is Road to Rome, and it features maps
set during the Allied invasion of Italy.
Really, this is a pretty basic expansion pack;
you get a couple of new maps, and you get
to play as two new armies.
Although they're not really new armies because
they only use a few different vehicles, and
they only use a few different weapons.
This is actually the most basic expansion
pack of the lot.
Now, the new vehicles and weapons are somewhat
historically accurate, a bit more so than
seen in the very first Battlefield game.
No longer are the allies armed with exclusively
German tanks, especially when... they shouldn't
be.
Now you can play as the Italian army and you
can play as the French army in some levels,
although if I'm not mistaken it was just the
one.
Now this level we're looking at here was actually
one of my favorites from the expansion pack;
you have to fight up this mountain, and it
is very difficult to do so.
Now if you're the Defender, it's pretty easy
because you can just jump on an artillery
platform and just bomb everybody to hell.
Really, that's one thing I did not mention
in the first review; the AI for this game
is actually pretty good, and you can't take
that many hits.
In fact, you can get shot about three or four
times, then you're dead.
So whenever the enemy sends two or three enemy
soldiers after you, it's a pretty harrowing
experience.
And really, that's about it.
Road to Rome was a very, very basic expansion
pack, as said earlier.
You get maybe one or two new weapons that
work exactly like the weapons did in the first
game.
You get a few new tanks which work exactly
like they did in the first game.
You get a few new maps, but they're not that
amazing.
Really, the next expansion pack that we're
going to be taking a look at in the next video
actually did add a great deal more content.
But really, for what this is, it was of decent
quality I suppose.
And seeing as how you can't really get Battlefield
1942 without it, it's not really a matter
of recommending it, it's just saying that
it was kind of lackluster when it was released.
And so, this is Jon, signing off.